PTT white sand V gets Kiki's Cup World
Cup bread 3 2009 brought to you by PTT
white sand beach nature's gift tire way
tie for is an authority of Thailand
government lottery channel 3 CD and
Toyota program run about four strokes
spot as we take a look at those riders
once again this category has a lot a lot
of great riders here 15 total in all
Korea South Africa brunei russia estonia
australia Serbia is in there and of
course you got a couple of tire riders
in there so this should be a good one
we're going to be take a look at the
highlights for motor number one and two
for the pro program runabout four-stroke
stock as they get ready for the
introduction
and we are awful order number one
for the jetski King's Cup World Cup
Grand Prix 2000 occur leader in old
school number 800
followed by Johan second place from
South Africa number 16
all right we're looking at different
number 17 right now up in third position
and Oh blew out his crap just fell out
of his crap receiving so if he's okay he
is fine let's take away the replay
really quickly as we're looking at
number 17 once again that's breath on
you looks like you just hit a weight
edge and it just threw him off his crap
Wow
all right right now the third position
is pretty buried just coming up in third
and again we're looking at Johan the
South African in second
the action still right there is
predatory it looks like you can tell by
the shark fin on his head
number 46 still holding on the second
position number 800 no Saguna is still
in the lead right there not a problem
for him and he just spun a little bit
not a seed waste a little bit time Aspen
a brewery number 46 takes the lead spot
right at the last minute what up oh what
a misfortune right there Fred Avery
coming in first for motor number 1 we're
going to the highlights for Moto number
two as we going into the hole shot
moving in your hand right now the
current leader for motor number two
number 16
hit him right there it looks like body
buried number 46 in third position no
spoon in second let's see how well he'll
do here going head to head with those
food is ready burry and once again he's
being contended and it looks like death
on you number 17 balaclava scrapping
what a number one a sieving pick up some
pace here as Johanna the current leader
from South Africa taking the checkered
flag for Moto number two and he's
enjoying it
alright overall standings after two
Moto's for the pro-am run about four
strokes stocking blue suit overall
hundred six points in the lead yo -
South Africa in second card is put in
three all right we are going at motor
number three and four highlights right
now let's see the whole shot well the
program run about four strokes stuck in
the inside lane the current leader right
there is spreaded buoy going on the
inside and looks like on the outside
light is Luke's gone another tie rider
doing very well except motor number one
when he lost the time and he got passed
by bravery now they're going at it again
his head right into front the grandstand
that we're looking at the highlights for
uh for two three and four
second position don't school thank you
in third number seventeen see we can
make up some time and get some points
super rock and fourth read here the sir
from Serbia is in good position as a
yeoman from South Africa creeping at six
we're giving you the highlights right
there for pretty burry the current
leader riding very nicely nobody has
contended him right now looks like not a
problem for Moto number three taking the
checkered flag overall for the pro-am
run about four stove stock read for read
is the World Cup brand feet 2009
champion followed by new food in second
but then you in third